!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.9~svn20110310	//
ActiveSupport	/home/arashbm/code/char/test/test_helper.rb	/^class ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
AddClearanceToUsers	/home/arashbm/code/char/db/migrate/20130317214604_add_clearance_to_users.rb	/^class AddClearanceToUsers < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
AddObjectChangesColumnToVersions	/home/arashbm/code/char/db/migrate/20130318091948_add_object_changes_column_to_versions.rb	/^class AddObjectChangesColumnToVersions < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
AddRoleToUser	/home/arashbm/code/char/db/migrate/20130318004614_add_role_to_user.rb	/^class AddRoleToUser < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
Application	/home/arashbm/code/char/config/application.rb	/^  class Application < Rails::Application$/;"	c	class:Char
ApplicationController	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	/^class ApplicationController < ActionController::Base$/;"	c
ApplicationHelper	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	/^module ApplicationHelper$/;"	m
ApplicationResponder	/home/arashbm/code/char/lib/application_responder.rb	/^class ApplicationResponder < ActionController::Responder$/;"	c
Blueprint	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/models/blueprint.rb	/^class Blueprint < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
BlueprintTest	/home/arashbm/code/char/test/models/blueprint_test.rb	/^class BlueprintTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
BlueprintsController	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/blueprints_controller.rb	/^class BlueprintsController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
BlueprintsControllerTest	/home/arashbm/code/char/test/controllers/blueprints_controller_test.rb	/^class BlueprintsControllerTest < ActionController::TestCase$/;"	c
BlueprintsHelper	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/helpers/blueprints_helper.rb	/^module BlueprintsHelper$/;"	m
BlueprintsHelperTest	/home/arashbm/code/char/test/helpers/blueprints_helper_test.rb	/^class BlueprintsHelperTest < ActionView::TestCase$/;"	c
Char	/home/arashbm/code/char/config/application.rb	/^module Char$/;"	m
CreateBlueprints	/home/arashbm/code/char/db/migrate/20130322202204_create_blueprints.rb	/^class CreateBlueprints < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateDiscussions	/home/arashbm/code/char/db/migrate/20130322203717_create_discussions.rb	/^class CreateDiscussions < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreatePosts	/home/arashbm/code/char/db/migrate/20130317202242_create_posts.rb	/^class CreatePosts < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateReviews	/home/arashbm/code/char/db/migrate/20130319103616_create_reviews.rb	/^class CreateReviews < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateUsers	/home/arashbm/code/char/db/migrate/20130317202047_create_users.rb	/^class CreateUsers < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
CreateVersions	/home/arashbm/code/char/db/migrate/20130318091947_create_versions.rb	/^class CreateVersions < ActiveRecord::Migration$/;"	c
DashboardHelper	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/helpers/dashboard_helper.rb	/^module DashboardHelper$/;"	m
DashboardHelperTest	/home/arashbm/code/char/test/helpers/dashboard_helper_test.rb	/^class DashboardHelperTest < ActionView::TestCase$/;"	c
DashboardsController	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/dashboards_controller.rb	/^class DashboardsController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
Discussion	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/models/discussion.rb	/^class Discussion < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
DiscussionTest	/home/arashbm/code/char/test/models/discussion_test.rb	/^class DiscussionTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
DiscussionsController	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/discussions_controller.rb	/^class DiscussionsController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
DiscussionsControllerTest	/home/arashbm/code/char/test/controllers/discussions_controller_test.rb	/^class DiscussionsControllerTest < ActionController::TestCase$/;"	c
DiscussionsHelper	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/helpers/discussions_helper.rb	/^module DiscussionsHelper$/;"	m
DiscussionsHelperTest	/home/arashbm/code/char/test/helpers/discussions_helper_test.rb	/^class DiscussionsHelperTest < ActionView::TestCase$/;"	c
NestedResponder	/home/arashbm/code/char/lib/application_responder.rb	/^class NestedResponder < ApplicationResponder$/;"	c
Post	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/models/post.rb	/^class Post < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
PostTest	/home/arashbm/code/char/test/models/post_test.rb	/^class PostTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
PostsController	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	/^class PostsController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
PostsHelper	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/helpers/posts_helper.rb	/^module PostsHelper$/;"	m
PostsHelperTest	/home/arashbm/code/char/test/helpers/posts_helper_test.rb	/^class PostsHelperTest < ActionView::TestCase$/;"	c
Review	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/models/review.rb	/^class Review < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
ReviewTest	/home/arashbm/code/char/test/models/review_test.rb	/^class ReviewTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
ReviewsController	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/reviews_controller.rb	/^class ReviewsController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
ReviewsHelper	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/helpers/reviews_helper.rb	/^module ReviewsHelper$/;"	m
ReviewsHelperTest	/home/arashbm/code/char/test/helpers/reviews_helper_test.rb	/^class ReviewsHelperTest < ActionView::TestCase$/;"	c
RevisionHelperTest	/home/arashbm/code/char/test/helpers/revision_helper_test.rb	/^class RevisionHelperTest < ActionView::TestCase$/;"	c
RevisionsController	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/revisions_controller.rb	/^class RevisionsController < ApplicationController$/;"	c
RevisionsHelper	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/helpers/revisions_helper.rb	/^module RevisionsHelper$/;"	m
User	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/models/user.rb	/^class User < ActiveRecord::Base$/;"	c
UserTest	/home/arashbm/code/char/test/models/user_test.rb	/^class UserTest < ActiveSupport::TestCase$/;"	c
UsersController	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^class UsersController < Clearance::UsersController$/;"	c
UsersHelper	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	/^module UsersHelper$/;"	m
admin?	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/models/user.rb	/^  def admin?$/;"	f	class:User
blueprint_params	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/blueprints_controller.rb	/^  def blueprint_params$/;"	f	class:BlueprintsController
change	/home/arashbm/code/char/db/migrate/20130317202047_create_users.rb	/^  def change$/;"	f	class:CreateUsers
change	/home/arashbm/code/char/db/migrate/20130317202242_create_posts.rb	/^  def change$/;"	f	class:CreatePosts
change	/home/arashbm/code/char/db/migrate/20130318004614_add_role_to_user.rb	/^  def change$/;"	f	class:AddRoleToUser
change	/home/arashbm/code/char/db/migrate/20130319103616_create_reviews.rb	/^  def change$/;"	f	class:CreateReviews
change	/home/arashbm/code/char/db/migrate/20130322202204_create_blueprints.rb	/^  def change$/;"	f	class:CreateBlueprints
change	/home/arashbm/code/char/db/migrate/20130322203717_create_discussions.rb	/^  def change$/;"	f	class:CreateDiscussions
create	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/blueprints_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:BlueprintsController
create	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/discussions_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:DiscussionsController
create	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:PostsController
create	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/reviews_controller.rb	/^  def create$/;"	f	class:ReviewsController
destroy	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/blueprints_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	class:BlueprintsController
destroy	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	/^  def destroy$/;"	f	class:PostsController
diff	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/helpers/revisions_helper.rb	/^  def diff(rev, attribute)$/;"	f
discussion_params	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/discussions_controller.rb	/^  def discussion_params$/;"	f	class:DiscussionsController
down	/home/arashbm/code/char/db/migrate/20130317214604_add_clearance_to_users.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F	class:AddClearanceToUsers
down	/home/arashbm/code/char/db/migrate/20130318091947_create_versions.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F	class:CreateVersions
down	/home/arashbm/code/char/db/migrate/20130318091948_add_object_changes_column_to_versions.rb	/^  def self.down$/;"	F	class:AddObjectChangesColumnToVersions
edit	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/blueprints_controller.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f	class:BlueprintsController
edit	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f	class:PostsController
edit	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def edit$/;"	f	class:UsersController
editable_posts	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/models/user.rb	/^  def editable_posts$/;"	f	class:User
editable_users	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/models/user.rb	/^  def editable_users$/;"	f	class:User
event_name	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/helpers/revisions_helper.rb	/^  def event_name(rev)$/;"	f
find_post	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/reviews_controller.rb	/^  def find_post$/;"	f	class:ReviewsController
find_post	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/revisions_controller.rb	/^  def find_post$/;"	f	class:RevisionsController
first_name	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/models/user.rb	/^  def first_name$/;"	f	class:User
get_blueprint	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/discussions_controller.rb	/^  def get_blueprint$/;"	f	class:DiscussionsController
get_blueprints	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/blueprints_controller.rb	/^  def get_blueprints$/;"	f	class:BlueprintsController
index	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/blueprints_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:BlueprintsController
index	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/discussions_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:DiscussionsController
index	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:PostsController
index	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/reviews_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:ReviewsController
index	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/revisions_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:RevisionsController
index	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def index$/;"	f	class:UsersController
member_of_editorial?	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/models/user.rb	/^  def member_of_editorial?$/;"	f	class:User
navigation_behavior	/home/arashbm/code/char/lib/application_responder.rb	/^  def navigation_behavior(error)$/;"	f	class:NestedResponder
new	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/blueprints_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	class:BlueprintsController
new	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	class:PostsController
new	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def new$/;"	f	class:UsersController
one_per_post	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/models/review.rb	/^  def one_per_post$/;"	f	class:Review
originator_name	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/helpers/revisions_helper.rb	/^  def originator_name(rev)$/;"	f
post_discussion_anchor	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	/^  def post_discussion_anchor(p,c)$/;"	f	class:ApplicationController
post_discussions_anchor	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	/^  def post_discussions_anchor(p)$/;"	f	class:ApplicationController
post_footer	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/helpers/posts_helper.rb	/^  def post_footer(post)$/;"	f	class:PostsHelper
post_params	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	/^  def post_params$/;"	f	class:PostsController
post_review_anchor	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	/^  def post_review_anchor(p,r)$/;"	f	class:ApplicationController
post_reviews_anchor	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	/^  def post_reviews_anchor(p)$/;"	f	class:ApplicationController
previous_next_btn	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/helpers/revisions_helper.rb	/^  def previous_next_btn(rev)$/;"	f	class:RevisionsHelper
review_params	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/reviews_controller.rb	/^  def review_params$/;"	f	class:ReviewsController
role_label	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	/^  def role_label(user)$/;"	f	class:UsersHelper
setup	/home/arashbm/code/char/test/models/review_test.rb	/^  def setup$/;"	f	class:ReviewTest
setup	/home/arashbm/code/char/test/models/user_test.rb	/^  def setup$/;"	f	class:UserTest
show	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/blueprints_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	class:BlueprintsController
show	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/dashboards_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	class:DashboardsController
show	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/discussions_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	class:DiscussionsController
show	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	class:PostsController
show	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/revisions_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	class:RevisionsController
show	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def show$/;"	f	class:UsersController
show_diff	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/helpers/revisions_helper.rb	/^  def show_diff(a,b)$/;"	f	class:RevisionsHelper
truncated_body	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/helpers/posts_helper.rb	/^  def truncated_body(post)$/;"	f	class:PostsHelper
truncated_title	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/helpers/posts_helper.rb	/^  def truncated_title(post)$/;"	f	class:PostsHelper
up	/home/arashbm/code/char/db/migrate/20130317214604_add_clearance_to_users.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F	class:AddClearanceToUsers
up	/home/arashbm/code/char/db/migrate/20130318091947_create_versions.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F	class:CreateVersions
up	/home/arashbm/code/char/db/migrate/20130318091948_add_object_changes_column_to_versions.rb	/^  def self.up$/;"	F	class:AddObjectChangesColumnToVersions
update	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/blueprints_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:BlueprintsController
update	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:PostsController
update	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/reviews_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:ReviewsController
update	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def update$/;"	f	class:UsersController
user_from_params	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def user_from_params$/;"	f	class:UsersController
user_params	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	/^  def user_params$/;"	f	class:UsersController
visible_posts	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/models/user.rb	/^  def visible_posts$/;"	f	class:User
visible_users	/home/arashbm/code/char/app/models/user.rb	/^  def visible_users$/;"	f	class:User
